capital = 1065
set_convoys = 10

oob = "CAL"
set_naval_oob = "CAL_naval"
set_air_oob = "CAL_air"

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_trucks =1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	marines = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_special_forces = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}
#NSB
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" } }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		early_carrier = 1
		basic_carrier = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
		basic_dp_light_battery = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		basic_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		basic_medium_airframe = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		engines_2 = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
		cv_early_fighter = 1
		cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
		cv_CAS1 = 1
		naval_bomber1 = 1
		CAS1 = 1
		early_bomber = 1
	}
}

set_popularities = {
	accelerationism = 0
	reactionism = 0
	despotism = 20
	right_authoritarianism = 0
	conservatism = 20
	liberalism = 30
	progressivism = 20
	popular_socialism = 0
	vanguard_socialism = 0
	anarchism = 10
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = right_authoritarianism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

recruit_character = CAL_riverside_council
#recruit_character = CAL_edward_longstreet_bodin
recruit_character = CAL_upton_sinclair
recruit_character = CAL_upton_sinclair_moderate
recruit_character = CAL_culbert_olson
recruit_character = CAL_earl_warren
recruit_character = CAL_robert_tryon_frederick
recruit_character = CAL_john_george_agar_jr
recruit_character = CAL_alex_xydias
recruit_character = CAL_elisha_cook_jr
recruit_character = CAL_john_william_finn
recruit_character = CAL_john_mcmaster
recruit_character = CAL_ernest_norman
recruit_character = CAL_dorothy_martin
recruit_character = CAL_israel_regardie
recruit_character = CAL_frank_l_shaw
recruit_character = CAL_john_f_shelley
recruit_character = CAL_frank_allyn_edwards
recruit_character = CAL_robert_a_heinlein
recruit_character = CAL_mother_ruth
recruit_character = CAL_karl_johannes_germer
recruit_character = CAL_melech_epstein
recruit_character = CAL_george_christopher
recruit_character = CAL_lyndon_b_johnson
recruit_character = CAL_arthur_leo_zagat
recruit_character = CAL_paul_twitchell
recruit_character = CAL_bishop_nekona
recruit_character = CAL_grady_louis_mcmurtry
recruit_character = CAL_norman_thomas
recruit_character = CAL_ellis_e_patterson
recruit_character = CAL_arthur_bell
recruit_character = CAL_ruth_norman
recruit_character = CAL_elesha
recruit_character = CAL_kenneth_anger
recruit_character = CAL_sara_northtrup_hollister
recruit_character = CAL_JBS_hardman
recruit_character = CAL_norris_poulson
recruit_character = CAL_pat_brown
recruit_character = CAL_theodore_tinsley
recruit_character = CAL_jack_parsons
recruit_character = CAL_brother_charles
recruit_character = CAL_john_j_ballam
recruit_character = CAL_fletcher_bowron
recruit_character = CAL_kenneth_j_houghton
recruit_character = CAL_raymond_murray
recruit_character = CAL_jack_hendrick_taylor
recruit_character = CAL_brooke_nihart
recruit_character = CAL_ted_w_lawson
recruit_character = CAL_Spiritualist_Party_Council
recruit_character = CAL_L_Ron_Hubbard
recruit_character = CAL_Archangel_Uriel
recruit_character = CAL_Krishna_Venta
