capital = 111
set_research_slots = 3 
set_convoys = 175
set_stability = 0.2
set_war_support = 0.15

oob = "FIN"
set_naval_oob = "FIN_naval"

add_ideas = {
	RUS_warlord_indifference
	
	volunteer_only
	export_focus
	civilian_economy
}

set_cosmetic_tag = FIN_RUS

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1			
	interwar_antiair = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		aa_cannon_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		engines_1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
		CAS1 = 1
	}
}

# Events
country_event = { id = fin.1 days = 3 }

# Politics
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = despotism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
    vanguard_socialism = 8
    popular_socialism = 13
    anarchism = 01
    revisionist_socialism = 01
    progressivism = 15
    liberalism = 9
    conservatism = 15
    right_authoritarianism = 10
    despotism = 07
    reactionism = 15
    accelerationism = 06
} 

recruit_character = FIN_franz_albert_seyn
recruit_character = FIN_urho_kekkonen
recruit_character = FIN_sigurd_wettenhovi_aspa
recruit_character = FIN_sihathor_wahneferhotep_ankhkhaf
recruit_character = FIN_ragnar_furuhjelm
recruit_character = FIN_juho_kusti_paasikivi
recruit_character = FIN_vaino_tanner
recruit_character = FIN_kyosti_kallio
recruit_character = FIN_aarne_edward_juutilainen
recruit_character = FIN_antero_svensson
recruit_character = FIN_karl_walden
recruit_character = FIN_aksel_airo
recruit_character = FIN_hannu_hannuksela
recruit_character = FIN_karl_oesch
recruit_character = FIN_senate
recruit_character = FIN_ragnarfuruhjelm
recruit_character = FIN_jeansibelius
recruit_character = FIN_karlfredrick
recruit_character = FIN_ristoheikki
recruit_character = FIN_vilhohelanen
recruit_character = FIN_uunokalias
recruit_character = FIN_juhokusti
recruit_character = FIN_heikkiritavuori
recruit_character = FIN_mattiaarnio
recruit_character = FIN_jonathanwartuivaara
recruit_character = FIN_ernstvonborn
recruit_character = FIN_ernsttandefelt
recruit_character = FIN_elmokaila
recruit_character = FIN_miukawaltari
recruit_character = FIN_ottobrandenstein
recruit_character = FIN_anttitulenheimo
recruit_character = FIN_raunogustafkallia
recruit_character = FIN_edithsodergran
recruit_character = FIN_hanskalm
recruit_character = FIN_karlfredrik
recruit_character = FIN_akselairo
recruit_character = FIN_hannuhanuksela
recruit_character = FIN_bainovalve
recruit_character = FIN_vainomikkola
recruit_character = FIN_arnesomersalo
recruit_character = FIN_einarvihma
recruit_character = FIN_eerorahola

recruit_character = FIN_Ilmari_I
