capital = 111

#oob = #

set_research_slots = 3

set_convoys = 175

add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
	export_focus
	civilian_economy
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_trucks =1
	motorised_infantry = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		aa_cannon_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		engines_1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
		CAS1 = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = popular_socialism
	last_election = "1933.10.25"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	vanguard_socialism = 20
	popular_socialism = 30
	anarchism = 0
	revisionist_socialism = 20
	progressivism = 25
	liberalism = 5
	conservatism = 0
	right_authoritarianism = 0
	despotism = 0
	reactionism = 0
	accelerationism = 0
}

set_stability = 0.5

recruit_character = FIR_yrjo_sirola
recruit_character = FIR_oskari_tokoi
recruit_character = FIR_karl_einar_paivio
recruit_character = FIR_jukka_rahja
recruit_character = FIR_akseli_anttila
recruit_character = FIR_toivo_antikanen
recruit_character = FIR_oskari_kumpu
recruit_character = FIR_verner_lehtimäki
recruit_character = FIR_harry_jarv
recruit_character = FIR_arvo_tuminen
recruit_character = FIR_waino_wuolijoki
recruit_character = FIR_carl_paivio
recruit_character = FIR_aimo_aaltonen
recruit_character = FIR_hiski_salomaa
recruit_character = FIR_gust_aakula
recruit_character = FIR_ville_pessi
recruit_character = FIR_johan_helo
recruit_character = FIR_gust_alonen
recruit_character = FIR_ere_kolu
recruit_character = FIR_adolf_taimi
recruit_character = FIR_julius_ailio
recruit_character = FIR_jack_ujanen
recruit_character = FIR_karl_gustaf_nyman
recruit_character = FIR_eino_rahja
recruit_character = FIR_matti_paasivuori
recruit_character = FIR_fred_jaakkola
recruit_character = FIR_juho_henrik_uoti
recruit_character = FIR_otto_wille_kuusinen
recruit_character = FIR_tuure_lehen
recruit_character = FIR_armas_aikia
recruit_character = FIR_paavo_prokkonen
recruit_character = FIR_hugo_meurer
recruit_character = FIR_adrian_nepenin
recruit_character = FIR_otto_kalvitsa
recruit_character = FIR_Helsinki_Veterans_Association

