capital = 2
set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 250
set_stability = 0.65

oob = "ITA"
set_naval_oob = "ITA_naval"
if = { limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } set_air_oob = "ITA_air" }
if = { limit = {  NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }  set_air_oob = "ITA_air_legacy" }

country_event = { id = italy.136 days = 730 }

give_guarantee = AUS

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	tech_trucks =1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "La Resistance" }
	set_technology = {
		armored_car1 = 1 #Fiat AB611 entered service in 1933
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" } }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Battle for the Bosporus" }
	set_technology = { camelry = 1 }
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		basic_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		aa_lmg = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		engines_2 = 1
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		basic_small_airframe = 1
		basic_medium_airframe = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
		early_bomber = 1
		naval_bomber1 = 1
		CAS1 = 1
	}
}


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = liberalism
	last_election = "1935.10.25"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	vanguard_socialism = 0
	popular_socialism = 5
	anarchism = 2
	revisionist_socialism = 0
	progressivism = 6
	liberalism = 40
	conservatism = 40
	right_authoritarianism = 0
	despotism = 3
	reactionism = 4
	accelerationism = 0
}

give_guarantee = MAR

set_autonomy = {
	target = MNT
	autonomous_state = autonomy_integrated_puppet
}

recruit_character = ITA_luigi_sturzo
recruit_character = ITA_italo_balbo
recruit_character = ITA_ivanoe_bonomi
#recruit_character = ITA_edmondo_rossoni
recruit_character = ITA_michele_bianchi
recruit_character = ITA_junio_valerio_borghese
recruit_character = ITA_amadeo_bordiga
recruit_character = ITA_camillo_berneri
recruit_character = ITA_giacomo_balla
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_badoglio
recruit_character = ITA_ugo_cavallero
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_messe
recruit_character = ITA_sebastiano_visconti_prasca
recruit_character = ITA_ubaldo_soddu
recruit_character = ITA_rodolfo_graziani
recruit_character = ITA_dardano_fenulli
recruit_character = ITA_francesco_de_martini
recruit_character = ITA_ettore_troilo
recruit_character = ITA_randolfo_pacciardi
recruit_character = ITA_inigo_campioni
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_da_zara
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_fioravanzo
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_bergamini
recruit_character = ITA_angelo_iachino
recruit_character = ITA_Francesco_Nitti
recruit_character = ITA_Carlo_Sforza
recruit_character = ITA_Pietro_Torretta
recruit_character = ITA_Giuseppe_Bastanini
recruit_character = ITA_Ugo_La_Malfa
recruit_character = ITA_Alberto_Beneduce
recruit_character = ITA_Luigi_Facta
recruit_character = ITA_Giacomo_Acerbo
recruit_character = ITA_Bruno_Visentini
recruit_character = ITA_Vittorio_Orlando
recruit_character = ITA_Alcide_De_Gasperi
recruit_character = ITA_Alessandro_Pavolini
recruit_character = ITA_Ferruccio_Parri
recruit_character = ITA_Emilio_de_Bono
recruit_character = ITA_Emilio_Lussu
recruit_character = ITA_Fernando_Tambroni
recruit_character = ITA_gaetano_crocco
recruit_character = ITA_renato_sandalli
recruit_character = ITA_amedeo_mecozzi
recruit_character = ITA_enrico_caviglia
recruit_character = ITA_sabato_martelli_castaldi
recruit_character = ITA_raffaele_de_courten
recruit_character = ITA_francesco_pricolo
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_berardi
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_ambrosio
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_castellano
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_sansonetti
recruit_character = ITA_rino_corso_fougier
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_piacentini
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_rosselli
recruit_character = ITA_berto_ricci
recruit_character = ITA_lelio_basso


add_ideas = {
	ITA_bulwark_of_democracy
	ITA_pudi_hegemony
	ITA_victor_emmanuel
	ITA_the_slump
	ITA_overburdened_administration
	ITA_ineffective_military
	ITA_the_libyan_war
	ITA_lagging_south
	limited_conscription
	free_trade
	civilian_economy
}
if = {
	limit = {
		is_ai = yes
	}
	add_ideas = legitimately_just_die
}
activate_advisor = ITA_hog_Ivanoe_Bonomi
activate_advisor = ITA_for_Carlo_Sforza
activate_advisor = ITA_eco_Alberto_Beneduce
activate_advisor = ITA_sec_Vittorio_Orlando



