capital = 231
set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 75
set_stability = 0.5

set_country_flag = is_russian_warlord

oob = "KAV"
if = { limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } set_air_oob = "KAV_air" }
if = { limit = {  NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }  set_air_oob = "KAV_air_legacy" }

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks =1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		iw_large_airframe = 1
		basic_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		aa_cannon_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		engines_1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
		fighter1 = 1
		early_bomber = 1
		strategic_bomber1 = 1
		naval_bomber1 = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" } }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1 
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1 
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
	export_focus
	low_economic_mobilisation
	extensive_conscription
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = accelerationism
	last_election = "1933.10.25"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	vanguard_socialism = 5
	popular_socialism = 0
	anarchism = 10
	revisionist_socialism = 5
	progressivism = 5
	liberalism = 0
	conservatism = 0
	right_authoritarianism = 5
	despotism = 0
	reactionism = 5
	accelerationism = 65
}


recruit_character = KAV_vladimir_mayakovsky
recruit_character = KAV_Velimir_Khlebnikov
recruit_character = KAV_igor_severyanin
recruit_character = KAV_iosif_stalin
recruit_character = KAV_dmitry_mirsky

recruit_character = KAV_Osip_Brik
recruit_character = KAV_Aleksandr_Rodchenko
recruit_character = KAV_Grigory_Malenkov
recruit_character = KAV_Vladimir_Tatlin

recruit_character = KAV_Pyotr_Arapov
recruit_character = KAV_Alexei_Tolstoy
recruit_character = KAV_Pavel_Florensky
recruit_character = KAV_Konstantin_Chkheidze


recruit_character = KAV_Burliuk
recruit_character = KAV_Aleksei_Kruchyonykh
recruit_character = KAV_Ryurik_Ivnev
recruit_character = KAV_Vasily_Kandinsky
recruit_character = KAV_Graal_Aralsky

recruit_character = KAV_Nikolay_Gumilyov
recruit_character = KAV_Georgy_Ivanov
recruit_character = KAV_Vadim_Shershenevich
recruit_character = KAV_Anna_Akhmatova

recruit_character = KAV_Sergei_Kirov
recruit_character = KAV_Sergo_Ordzhonikidze
recruit_character = KAV_Anastas_Mikoyan
recruit_character = KAV_Kamo

recruit_character = KAV_mikhail_velikanov
recruit_character = KAV_ivan_bagramyan
recruit_character = KAV_anatoliy_gekker
recruit_character = KAV_giorgi_mazniev
recruit_character = KAV_kaikhosro_chelokayev
recruit_character = KAV_valiko_jugheli
recruit_character = KAV_aleksandr_chkheidze
recruit_character = KAV_aleksandr_andronikov
recruit_character = KAV_avel_makaev
recruit_character = KAV_giorgi_kvinitadze
recruit_character = KAV_ivan_rogov
recruit_character = KAV_lev_vladimirsky
recruit_character = KAV_Slavorossov
recruit_character = KAV_Shakhovskaya
recruit_character = KAV_mikhail_frunze
recruit_character = KAV_sergei_bunyachenko
recruit_character = KAV_nestor_makhno
recruit_character = KAV_Semyon_Budyonny

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = fighter_equipment_1
	amount = 100
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = infantry_equipment_1
	amount = 2000
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = artillery_equipment_1
	amount = 150
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = support_equipment_1
	amount = 500
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = train_equipment_1
	amount = 20
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = motorized_equipment_1
	amount = 350
}

activate_advisor = KAV_Osip_Brik_hog 
activate_advisor = KAV_iosif_stalin_int 
activate_advisor = KAV_Aleksandr_Rodchenko_for 
activate_advisor = KAV_Grigory_Malenkov_eco 
activate_advisor = KAV_Vladimir_Tatlin_sec



