capital = 249
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.6

set_country_flag = is_russian_warlord

oob = "ORE"
set_air_oob = "ORE_air"

add_ideas = {
	RUS_warlord_indifference
	volunteer_only
	export_focus
	civilian_economy
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_trucks =1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" } }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		aa_cannon_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		engines_1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
		CAS1 = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = despotism
	last_election = "1933.10.25"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	vanguard_socialism = 0
	popular_socialism = 0
	anarchism = 0
	revisionist_socialism = 5
	progressivism = 5
	liberalism = 5
	conservatism = 10
	right_authoritarianism = 10
	despotism = 60
	reactionism = 5
	accelerationism = 0
}

set_cosmetic_tag = "ORE_subject"

recruit_character = ORE_aleksandr_dutov
recruit_character = ORE_zhakhansha_dosmukhamedov
recruit_character = ORE_nikolay_trubetskoy
recruit_character = ORE_aleksandr_kravtsov
recruit_character = ORE_gavriil_yenborisov
recruit_character = ORE_ivan_akulinin
recruit_character = ORE_ivan_shivtsov
recruit_character = ORE_matvei_martynov
recruit_character = ORE_Khalel_Dosmuchamedov
recruit_character = ORE_Pyotr_Savickij
recruit_character = ORE_Baktigerey_Kulmanov
recruit_character = ORE_Georges_Florovsky
recruit_character = ORE_Nurgali_Ipmagambetov
recruit_character = ORE_Sergei_Efron
recruit_character = ORE_Otynshy_Alzhanov
recruit_character = ORE_Anton_Kartashev
recruit_character = ORE_Karash_Gumar
recruit_character = ORE_Pyotr_Suvchinsky
recruit_character = ORE_Caspian_Coastal_Patrol
recruit_character = ORE_Aral_Coastal_Patrol
recruit_character = ORE_Bakhtyuras_Besikbayev
recruit_character = ORE_alexandr_vagin

recruit_character = ORE_rasputin
recruit_character = ORE_george_gurdjieff
recruit_character = ORE_tryi_akemchi
recruit_character = ORE_maria_rasputin
recruit_character = ORE_dulustaan_michilovich_bobutov
recruit_character = ORE_praskovya_rasputin
recruit_character = ORE_Ivan_Zaytsev
recruit_character = ORE_vasily_flug
recruit_character = ORE_nurken_abdirov
recruit_character = ORE_Nikolay_Ragozin

recruit_character = TUK_zeki
