capital = 266
set_research_slots = 3 
set_stability = 0.3

oob = "PER"
set_naval_oob = "PER_naval"
if = { limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } set_air_oob = "PER_air" }
if = { limit = {  NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }  set_air_oob = "PER_air_legacy" }

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_trucks =1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		early_carrier = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		sonar = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_fire_control_system = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		aa_cannon_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		engines_1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
		CAS1 = 1
	}
}

give_military_access = ENG 

set_country_flag = PER_starting_mechanic_flag

add_to_variable = { PER_debts_to_ENG = 0.05 }
clamp_variable = {
	var = PER_debts_to_ENG
	min = 0
	max = 1
}

set_variable = { PER_commitment_to_FGW = 0 }
clamp_variable = {
	var = PER_commitment_to_FGW
	min = 0
	max = 1
}

set_variable = { PER_commitment_to_fiw = 0 }
clamp_variable = {
	var = PER_commitment_to_fiw
	min = 0
	max = 1
}

set_variable = { PER_commitment_to_ZHR = 0 }
clamp_variable = {
	var = PER_commitment_to_ZHR
	min = 0
	max = 1
}

set_variable = { PER_commitment_to_spain = 0 }
clamp_variable = {
	var = PER_commitment_to_spain
	min = 0
	max = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	PER_APOC
	PER_starting_denbts
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = right_authoritarianism
	last_election = "1933.10.25"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	vanguard_socialism = 10
	popular_socialism = 10
	anarchism = 0
	revisionist_socialism = 0
	progressivism = 0
	liberalism = 0
	conservatism = 10
	right_authoritarianism = 50
	despotism = 10
	reactionism = 10
	accelerationism = 0
}

#leaders
recruit_character = PER_reza_shah_pahlavi
recruit_character = PER_mohammad_mosaddegh
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_qavam
recruit_character = PER_john_cadman
recruit_character = PER_mohammed_reza_pahlavi
recruit_character = PER_Sayyed_Zia_Tabatabai
recruit_character = PER_reza_radmanesh
recruit_character = PER_Mirza_Kuchik_Khan
recruit_character = PER_abol_ghasem_kashani

#white
recruit_character = PER_Eric_Carlberg
recruit_character = PER_Anders_Anden
recruit_character = PER_Per_Glimstedt
recruit_character = PER_Arthur_Sullivan
recruit_character = PER_John_Le_Rougetel
recruit_character = PER_Neville_Gass
recruit_character = PER_Edgar_Myles
recruit_character = PER_Thomas_Riversdale
recruit_character = PER_Edgar_Ludlow_Hewitt_coaf
recruit_character = PER_Boris_Moller
recruit_character = PER_William_Fraser
recruit_character = PER_hasan_arfa
recruit_character = PER_Hassan_Pakravan
recruit_character = PER_Gholamali_Bayandor
recruit_character = PER_Rudolf_Burmester
recruit_character = PER_Effat_Tejaratchi_coaf
recruit_character = PER_fazlollah_zahedi
recruit_character = PER_Amanullah_Jahanbani
recruit_character = PER_Hossein_Ala
recruit_character = PER_hassan_alavikia
recruit_character = PER_mohammad_ali_foroughi
recruit_character = PER_mahmoud_djam
recruit_character = PER_firouz_nosrat_ed_dowleh_iii
recruit_character = PER_sayyed_hassan_taghizadeh
recruit_character = PER_ali_akbar_davar
recruit_character = PER_mohammad_hosayn_aryom
recruit_character = PER_ali_khan_mansur
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_amir_ahmadi
recruit_character = PER_assadollah_hosseinpour
recruit_character = PER_karim_buzarjomehri

#red
#recruit_character = PER_Mohammad_Bahrami
#recruit_character = PER_Iraj_Eskandari
#recruit_character = PER_Jafar_Pishevari
#recruit_character = PER_Ehsanollah_Khan
#recruit_character = PER_Haydar_Khan
#recruit_character = PER_Alexei_Dombrowski
#recruit_character = PER_Soleiman_Eskandari
#recruit_character = PER_Heshmat_Taleqani
#recruit_character = PER_Fereydoun_Keshavarz
#recruit_character = PER_Abdossamad_Kambakhsh
#recruit_character = PER_Noureddin_Alamouti
