capital = 266
set_research_slots = 3 
set_convoys = 50
set_stability = 0.3

set_variable = { RPR_urbanite_influence = 0 }
clamp_variable = {
	var = RPR_urbanite_influence
	min = 0
	max = 1
}
set_variable = { RPR_farmer_influence = 0 }
clamp_variable = {
	var = RPR_farmer_influence
	min = 0
	max = 1
}
set_variable = { RPR_industrialist_influence = 0 }
clamp_variable = {
	var = RPR_industrialist_influence
	min = 0
	max = 1
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_trucks =1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		early_carrier = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		sonar = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_fire_control_system = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		aa_cannon_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		engines_1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
		CAS1 = 1
	}
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = popular_socialism
	last_election = "1933.10.25"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	vanguard_socialism = 10
	popular_socialism = 50
	anarchism = 0
	revisionist_socialism = 5
	progressivism = 5
	liberalism = 0
	conservatism = 10
	right_authoritarianism = 5
	despotism = 5
	reactionism = 10
	accelerationism = 0
}

#leaders
recruit_character = RPR_reza_shah_pahlavi
recruit_character = RPR_mohammad_mosaddegh
recruit_character = RPR_ahmad_qavam
recruit_character = RPR_john_cadman
recruit_character = RPR_mohammed_reza_pahlavi
recruit_character = RPR_Sayyed_Zia_Tabatabai
recruit_character = RPR_reza_radmanesh
recruit_character = RPR_Mirza_Kuchik_Khan
recruit_character = RPR_abol_ghasem_kashani

#white
#recruit_character = PER_Eric_Carlberg
#recruit_character = PER_Anders_Anden
#recruit_character = PER_Per_Glimstedt
#recruit_character = PER_Arthur_Sullivan
#recruit_character = PER_John_Le_Rougetel
#recruit_character = PER_Neville_Gass
#recruit_character = PER_Edgar_Myles
#recruit_character = PER_Thomas_Riversdale
#recruit_character = PER_Edgar_Ludlow_Hewitt_coaf
#recruit_character = PER_Boris_Moller
#recruit_character = PER_William_Fraser
#recruit_character = PER_amanullah_jahabani
#recruit_character = PER_hasan_arfa
#recruit_character = PER_Hassan_Pakravan
#recruit_character = PER_Gholamali_Bayandor
#recruit_character = PER_Rudolf_Burmester
#recruit_character = PER_Effat_Tejaratchi_coaf
#recruit_character = PER_fazlollah_zahedi
#recruit_character = PER_Amanullah_Jahanbani
#recruit_character = PER_Hossein_Ala

#red
recruit_character = RPR_Mohammad_Bahrami
recruit_character = RPR_Iraj_Eskandari
recruit_character = RPR_Jafar_Pishevari
recruit_character = RPR_Ehsanollah_Khan
recruit_character = RPR_haydar_khan_amooghli
recruit_character = RPR_Alexei_Dombrowski
recruit_character = RPR_Soleiman_Eskandari
recruit_character = RPR_Heshmat_Taleqani
recruit_character = RPR_Fereydoun_Keshavarz
recruit_character = RPR_Abdossamad_Kambakhsh
recruit_character = RPR_Noureddin_Alamouti
