capital = 221
set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 175
set_stability = 0.7

set_country_flag = is_russian_warlord

oob = "SRU"
set_naval_oob = "SRU_naval"
set_air_oob = "SRU_air"

add_ideas = {
	RUS_warlord_indifference
	monopolized_industry
	victor_in_the_velikaya_voyna
	limited_conscription
	export_focus
	civilian_economy
}

country_event = { id = sru.1 days = 1 }
country_event = { id = russia.24 days = 1100 }

set_rule = { can_join_factions = no }
set_rule = { can_create_factions = no }

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_trucks =1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}
#NSB
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" } }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
		engine_tech_2 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		aa_cannon_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		engines_2 = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		iw_large_airframe = 1
		basic_small_airframe = 1
		basic_medium_airframe = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
		fighter1 = 1
		early_bomber = 1
		strategic_bomber1 = 1
		naval_bomber1 = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = despotism
	last_election = "1933.10.25"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	vanguard_socialism = 0
	popular_socialism = 0
	anarchism = 0
	revisionist_socialism = 0
	progressivism = 0
	liberalism = 5
	conservatism = 10
	right_authoritarianism = 25
	despotism = 30
	reactionism = 10
	accelerationism = 20
}

recruit_character = SRU_vladimir_maymayevsky
recruit_character = SRU_anton_turkul
recruit_character = SRU_klavdiy_foss
recruit_character = SRU_vladimir_manshtein
recruit_character = SRU_alexsandr_kutepov
recruit_character = SRU_fyodor_bredov
recruit_character = SRU_nikolay_nevadovsky
recruit_character = SRU_mikhail_berens
recruit_character = SRU_mikhail_kedrov
recruit_character = SRU_drozd
recruit_character = SRU_kazembek
recruit_character = SRU_anastasia

recruit_character = SRU_mikhail_diterikhs
recruit_character = SRU_vselovod_despot
recruit_character = SRU_vselovod_rwa
recruit_character = SRU_vselovod_react
recruit_character = SRU_andrei_despot
recruit_character = SRU_andrei_rwa
recruit_character = SRU_andrei_react
recruit_character = SRU_sergei_despot
recruit_character = SRU_sergei_rwa
recruit_character = SRU_sergei_react


#Post CW
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_vasily_shulgin_2
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_alexander_nechvolodov
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_alexander_guchkov
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_pyotr_balashov
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_nikolay_markov
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_vladimir_vostokov
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_vladimir_kappel
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_pavel_peorgievsky
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_sergei_taboritsky
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_ivan_solonevich
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_kirill_elita_vilchkovsky
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_mikhail_braykevich
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_pyotr_b_struve
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_vladimir_zaleski
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_sergei_bulgakov
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_vladimir_krasinsky
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_mikhail_a_taube
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_nikolay_muratov
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_nikolai_a_maklakov
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_pyotr_gendrikov
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_georgy_graf
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_nikolay_astrov
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_nikolay_batyushin
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_vladimir_vitkovsky
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_sergei_obolensky
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_pavel_shatilov
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_alexsandr_lukomsky
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_mikhail_kvetsinsky
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_mikhail_levitov
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_mitrofan_nazhenstev
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_nikolay_timanovsky
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_anton_denikin
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_yavgeny_miller
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_abram_dragomirov
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_ivan_romanovsky
####recruit_character = RUS_SRU_klavdiy_foss
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_nikolai_n_dukhonin
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_pyotr_wrangel
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_sergei_markov
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_mikhail_berens
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_nestor_monastyrev
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_mikhail_kedrov
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_dimitri_nenyukov
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_nikolay_kolomeytsev
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_vasily_kanin
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_aleksandr_kutepov
recruit_character = RUS_SRU_vyacheslav_tkachov
###recruit_character = RUS_SRU_anastasia
###recruit_character = RUS_SRU_siegfried_kasche
###recruit_character = RUS_SRU_Shukeyvch
