capital = 202
set_research_slots = 3 
set_convoys = 175
set_stability = 0.5

oob = "UKR"
set_naval_oob = "UKR_naval"
if = { limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } set_air_oob = "UKR_air" }
if = { limit = {  NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }  set_air_oob = "UKR_air_legacy" }

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_trucks =1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		iw_large_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		aa_cannon_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		engines_1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
		early_bomber = 1
		CAS1 = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" } }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = conservatism
	last_election = "1933.10.25"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	vanguard_socialism = 12
	popular_socialism = 0
	anarchism = 0
	revisionist_socialism = 12
	progressivism = 15
	liberalism = 10
	conservatism = 21
	right_authoritarianism = 0
	despotism = 15
	reactionism = 0
	accelerationism = 15
}


UKR = {
	add_opinion_modifier = {
		target = LIT
		modifier = intermarium_friendship
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = {
		target = BLR
		modifier = intermarium_friendship
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = {
		target = POL
		modifier = intermarium_friendship
	}
}

recruit_character = UKR_symon_petliura
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_vynnychenko
recruit_character = UKR_mykola_mikhnovsky
recruit_character = UKR_lazar_kaganovich
recruit_character = UKR_bohdan_ihor_antonych
recruit_character = UKR_semen_man
recruit_character = UKR_batko_nash
recruit_character = UKR_dmytro_levytsky
recruit_character = UKR_dmytro_doroshenko
recruit_character = UKR_mykola_livytskyi 
recruit_character = UKR_vyacheslav_lypynsky
recruit_character = UKR_ilarion_ohienko
recruit_character = UKR_sergey_gerbel
recruit_character = UKR_andriy_livytsky
recruit_character = UKR_borys_martos
recruit_character = UKR_serhiy_ostapenko
recruit_character = UKR_isaak_mazepa
recruit_character = UKR_volodomyr_kedrovsky
recruit_character = UKR_yulian_shpol
recruit_character = UKR_heo_shkurupii
recruit_character = UKR_mykhailo_volobuyev
recruit_character = UKR_nikita_khrushchev
recruit_character = UKR_mykola_kulish
recruit_character = UKR_andrei_bubnov
recruit_character = UKR_mykola_skyrpnyk
recruit_character = UKR_viktor_novozhilov
recruit_character = UKR_anton_makarenko
recruit_character = UKR_stanisław_kosior
recruit_character = UKR_yaroslav_stetsko
recruit_character = UKR_dmytro_dontsov
recruit_character = UKR_dmytro_klyachkivsky
recruit_character = UKR_mykola_lebed
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_shayan
recruit_character = UKR_yevhen_yulii 
recruit_character = UKR_vasyl_kurhut
recruit_character = UKR_ulas_samchuk
recruit_character = UKR_lev_rebet 
recruit_character = UKR_pavlo_skoropadskyi
recruit_character = UKR_ivan_poltavets
recruit_character = UKR_petro_bolbochan
recruit_character = UKR_hnat_vasylchenko
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_lignau
recruit_character = UKR_andriy_vovk
recruit_character = UKR_serhiy_dyadyusha
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_oskilko
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_hrekiv
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_slyvynskyi
recruit_character = UKR_levko_drozdovskyi
recruit_character = UKR_mykola_kakurin
recruit_character = UKR_mykhailo_omelyanovychpavlenko
recruit_character = UKR_ivan_omelyanovychpavlenko
recruit_character = UKR_yevhen_myshkovskyi
recruit_character = UKR_svyatoslav_shramchenko
recruit_character = UKR_andriy_pokrovskyi
recruit_character = UKR_mykhailo_bilynskyi
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_hadd
recruit_character = UKR_borys_guber
recruit_character = UKR_levko_matsiyevych
recruit_character = UKR_petro_franko

add_ideas = {
	UKR_szlachta
	UKR_for_the_ukrainian_race
	UKR_spirit
}
activate_advisor = UKR_dmytro_doroshenko_hog
activate_advisor = UKR_mykola_livytskyi_for
activate_advisor = UKR_vyacheslav_lypynsky_eco
activate_advisor = UKR_ilarion_ohienko_sec
activate_advisor = UKR_sergey_gerbel_int

